The joe rogan experience. Yeah i don't know if capitalism is the problems but maybe it's how people engage with capitalism maybe it's what people choose to focus on if you're just about. Acquiring wealth and money. Some people are yeah they're going to be very deeply unhappy and it's going to be this weird game of acquiring influence and power. To you just have this insurmountable mound of money that you live on top of right. I don't think that's a good way for them either i think. If we're going to really. We're going to look at this country fair. We have to look at think of all the poor neighborhoods and imagine being born in those poor neighborhoods. And imagine being born a place where there's no resources there's no hell you live in the fucking mountains of west virginia those coal mining communities. People are it's all just. Mobile homes and pills and chaos but just extreme poverty. What do you do if you're stuck in that what are you if you're born to that clan. That's the group you're born into you're fuck man you're fuck. We have to take. Our resources and concentrate on parts of america the same way we concentrate on many other problem spots in the world and look at them as like hey man there's a spot where people are fucked we should unfuck them and figure out a way to go into every single horrible community in this country on this planet ones that are just as bad as some that you see in third world countries they exist right here in america. Fix that don't ignore that that's crazy that if they're in detroit if they're in where the fuck they are whatever whatever the horrible community. Why isn't there a concerted national effort to eliminate that that's a major source of crime it's a major source of people feel like they got fucked over in life so they want to get at you and take from you because you got that easy road hey man you're boring the fucking suburbs hey man your mom and dad are still together you know hey man your dad as a job but your mom's at home baking and shit you live like a mother fucking norman rockwell movie fuck you man my mom's on crack my mom's a prostitute my life is hell my dad beats me i've been sexually since i was a little kid this is the reality that people exist and they don't feel like anybody's coming to help them. We need to concentrate on that the government if the government really cares about us if they're really involved in social engineering and making america better again. Make those places better. Those are the places you need to concentrate on not tax breaks for fucking super rich corporations that get you in place. Then they make enough money man that's not the problem the money is where the money goes what's it being allocated towards. The biggest problem in our country is he's. Impossible to escape communities yes that so many people just get sucked into this trap and for every person that gets out and becomes a basketball player a successful business person and they have this story about the poverty that they grew up in they they are so rare yes and then it's not to be applauded that they got through that it is but it's more to be we should understand like hey we got a real fucking problem that we're churning out all these people that live with they start out in life with a massive deficit start out in life emotionally fuck physically abused they start out with everybody around them to loser everybody's going to jail everybody is a constantly doing pills or this or that it's all negative and to ask them to develop their own positive mindset uniquely in a vacuum it's preposterous. All those assholes hey you got to pull yourself up by your bootstraps like they don't even have boots man you don't understand like you don't know what you're talking about you you've never seen it you never been involved in that kind of poverty. He's not fair it's not fair at all if we care about people that's we should fucking care about. Yes i couldn't agree much. If everyone the lowest you could live is like a middle class existence. Boy. Everybody would all be a lot more fucking relaxed immediately if you always said meals you always had food you always had a roof over your head everyone lives middle class holy shit i mean obviously that's way past the expectations that we have right now for the world because like. 34,000 a year globally puts you in the world 1%. You know i mean that's the one if you make 34,000 a year which is hard to live on man so you you're in the 1% of the world. But that's standard that you've. So very eloquently described. Is i think achievable and that will be the aim and when you give just one example of how legislate the bias of legislation is continually to support the powerful while making the just making nominal gestures to poverty animal. If there is a point to nation if there is a point to a flag and our belief in this idea that. The reason america and there is a britain and we're all together and we're all one and we got a common destiny in a common past then if we're not if we're ignoring and neglecting those communities then i say that is what. Defines us you know until there are. Systems codes regulations that prioritize that we will continue to live. In something heading to what if not a dystopia something moving in the direction of dystopia where the priorities and dreams are sort of owned really by the kind. Big bit mad evil insect robot images that walks in disgusting people do get very concerned when someone reaches a point of excessive power and influence like a jeff bezos type character. When you see some guy who's not he doesn't have a million dollars like you're wow guys got a million dollars like he must be so relaxed it's got so much money no he's got a 150 billion. And he works everyday mani. And he's constantly doing new projects and new things and buying out whole foods and. That's like pinnacle capitalism is one of the things that scares people the most when someone just acquires just insane position of power and wealth like like a bill gates type character who is very altruistic very very generous bill gates is. My keys are one of the better examples of someone who gains a lot of money and then does a lot to help people specially in his retirement all all they do is focus on charitable organizations and yeah which is brilliant yeah marvelous and you know i'm not criticizing the great achievements of brilliant people but it really for me that demonstrates the limit that the limitations come from the type of systems we live in that you can't through charity affect every impoverished community in america you know like we the systems that we have are are well if you're poor like that you know the bootstrap model well this guy did it look at this great guy who overcame the odds you know until like i feel like in a sense charity is become a kind of valve that allows you know people like you and i who aren't poor to feel like well i do a bit you know i'm sort of involved i can wash my hands of it yeah. There is no america there is no england unless we have integral relationships with one another where we support one another team we see someone who's completely downtrodden who's on our team and we ignore them well that's not much of a fucking team is it no i mean that's what i feel like when i come to red lights and i see homeless people i feel terrible. I'm like i feel like you know i mean there's part of you is like don't give him any money cuz they know they're going to just buy drugs. Yeah let him figure it out but then they're not going to figure it out. They have mental health issues and they're supposedly on the team they probably born america they probably have national citizenship here. You know they this is our team and no one gives a fuck to the camped out under the bridge. It's like the the diffusion of responsibility that comes with these massive numbers 20 million in la $300 plus whatever it is now was like 3:20 in america yeah it's unbelievable i think there's 90,000 in the general california right like a cities worth of homeless people isn't it it's not difficult for me to envisage like when we talk about the transcendent states that can be achieved through meditation and psychedelics meaning that beings like us can access them it's not difficult to envisage hume like a type of creature a type of being a little more evolved than us that would look back and say oh my god they allowed homelessness communities that will resourced from ideas that won't really meant to be translated into that of course here we have an obligation to aspire to the better parts of our nature not to continually use materialism and rationalism to justify that 20% of the population of you know or whatever percentage is are just garbage or just waste in there that's affordable we can of course we can live with that it's for me it's that's. Why would we once we have the knowledge that oh yeah we shouldn't be farming in that way oh we shouldn't have social systems all of the the answers always the same because if you were to change in that area it will affect the interest of the powerful it will affect impede the ability a certain organizations to make profit now i'm you know i'm not talking about i don't know the lexicon enough around socialism and capitalism and marxism and various forms of social organization i'm just talking about my assumption that we're all resourced from the same basic material and phenomena we all have compassion and love in us and if we on an individual level can achieve some level of access to that then we can start to organize ourselves on that basis not on the basis of well what's the most i can get an individual it's rational for me to i'm not involved in that that doesn't affect me personally. Yeah i think it's a hard thing for us to hold i think the reason we all do just live with homelessness and the only decision we make is do we put a couple of dollars out the window with the light or not then like it's hard to hold that it's hard to love more than 100 people there's no fix. Like there's no but not it is not one person and even collectively as a group when you have mental health issues unless you want to institutionalize those people. Yeah but then who here's the thing right if everyone has a unique. And. If everyone has their own ideas about what to do with their life and everyone has freedom what if you just don't have enough people that are interested in in mental health of the homeless people. You just don't have enough there's no resources guarantee because our systems are biased in a particular directions. Cure homelessness i've got of being a drug addict is it means i have to help other drug addicts as part of my own recovery this puts me into areas institutions groups facilities where i'm eating drug addicts and always what you'll find the people that work that is always someone like a man or a woman most often in my personal experience is a woman some matriarchal woman full of mother energy that just will do this shit forever for free for nothing that just loves it that's just put herself like my grandmother did or my mother did or like these women do between people and the guy that are just willing to say i'll be the person and addiction and abuse issues and like this woman she was from chicago she was nine years old by the time like i'm actually so rude and brilliant and beautiful and entirely willing to dedicate herself and i think every community everywhere everyone knows people like that and i feel like the same way is like if it is someone that has got a great capacity to play basketball when you what those people that you encourage them talented and help them compassion and you know but we don't value that unless it's like unless it can be turned to a profit all of those organizations like those organizations that help people with addiction issues you know like they are maligned and like the people that profit from the opioid crisis they are supported they are able to conceal as john oliver brilliantly revealed that they're able to conceal their practices continually the the invisible bias is in the direction of profit and like the failure of certain types of socialism doesn't mean that's the end of the argument i think we have an obligation to look for ways of accessing our own nature kind you can do so much i mean if bill gates can you know malaria and make the significant charitable these impressive powerful people can't make a meaningful difference one that they're adults. When you become an adult and you develop from the time of your child it's probably very likely that the damage was all done while they were young. They're probably abused and neglected and there's a lot of issues that led them to either. Have mental health problems or they had mental health problems already maybe their genetic problems then on top of that there's drug abuse. To eat for each one of those people to get well. You're going to need a massive amount of folks you're not going to have one old lady who's rude who's fun and brilliant that's a cute movie. I don't care the one that was out of golden girls is still getting she's still available oh god. Would almost be insurmountable and it's very hard objective thing it's a thing that's been biased over time sort of. Once a person is developed once they're a human it's very difficult to turn that train around if we can save the community. And save the future. Like. Like less people get through fuck. Help let help more people get through with hope and with a real possibility for improving their life. Versus have the sense of hopelessness that many are confronted with that's going to make. Less crime that's like that's just if someone looked at it from a social engineering standpoint i almost seems like the only way that would ever have to happen would be there be some fucking catastrophe that force people to act. Could we sometimes need something that's shoved in our face to force us to act but. If someone brilliantly. Calculated the amount of resources that it would require and then also brilliantly calculated how much less crime we'd have how much less how many more innovations because people didn't waste their lives in fact they got through life and used one of the most valuable resources we have which is the human imagination and creativity and ingenuity like and we're missing that on these people that are growing up in these horrible environments where they can't escape they're so fucked when they're in gangs they're you know the crime and poverty and violence they're so fucked that whatever genius they have is wasted on this nonsensical existence. They could just show that and quantify how much that would be how valuable that would be to the overall culture and community of the of the continent and then ultimately of the earth i mean do you would have a reason engineer and think about this yes it's a beautiful that is really beautiful and it's interesting that the way that i agree with you that it's almost has to at some point be translated into monetary value because otherwise people. For everybody for them who live in these horrible communities wouldn't be great again if everybody lived like a middle class person. The idea that that's impossible seems so insane. It's almost seems like well then nobody should live like that then like either everybody should be able to live like that or nobody should be alive that was like that's what everybody really wants right you want to be comfortable. Like in terms of like your ability to exist and then all the things you're doing that you struggle with. Should be a good percentage of them other than emotional and friendship type thing should be of your own choosing. You choose to take a difficult path you she choose to take an adventure you choose to try to enrich yourself with this difficult experience and the challenge of it and try to overcome that challenge. Instead of your challenge is not to get killed by a gang. You know your challenge is not get fucked by your uncle again you know what i mean i mean this is what people have to deal with and you're you're missing. These brilliant minds they don't get this chance to come through and and sneak through that fucking salmon ladder you know. Get up to the top. This is very beautiful that you are passionate about this and i think popularizing these ideas. Is important. Because i feel that then people will be familiar with this kind of language and will recognize that when there is a political discourse how fat it and empty it is. 