Drain you probably as the record for most guitar overdubs on never mind i think. After we cut the basic take i wasn't really happy with the sounds and we went back and over dubbed a clean sound on the intro with kurt's vocal. As well as one two three four five guitars two tracks of the mesa boogie. Two tracks of the fender basement. And one track that we called the super grunge which was a pedal into the basement. And they're not all equal volume but it points in the record they come up or points in the song they come up and are blended and pan to. To give it every kind of almost orchestral sound when the guitars. And. Call me i'll play the intro here this is the. This is what it sound like with just the with kurt's vocal on the. In the clean guitar. One baby to you another chance i'm lucky to meet you i don't care what you still singing from the take. We take that out. And we put in. The basic track which is the drums and bass. And the main guitar that he cut with the life. Track. So now here's what it sounds like when it kicks in. One baby to you another says i'm lucky to met you at work now what i wanted to do was make the song kick right away cuz that first line is so key to the song. Instead of actually having him double he did two takes on the lead vocal and they matched up really really close so all i had to do was basically run the levels match the levels. So here's with. Both the vocals in. The second guitar. The mesa that we added so the track is starting to build up a little bit here so you can hear the intros a little bit fuller now. One baby too another says i'm looking for you still in some big enough for me. So we kept overdubbing guitars we added. Two more basements. And the final super grunge basement with a pedal. I don't know how i got kurt to do all those guitars i think i kept saying i i think i was lying basically saying. There's a problem with the track it didn't record properly or it's out of tune or something. Let's just do it again so he thought he was doing the same part over me while i just kept putting him to new tracks to so we ended up with the clean track in 5. Guitar track so now it's finally sounding like a rock. One baby too another says i'm lucky to meet you kevin these are the two mason friends here's the two basement tracks i remember super grudge track it's pretty fun all together gloria sound the middle section is kind of a free-form freak out or sonic youth as a guitar chord sort of hang we. All of mike's going is occurred to the overdubs. You can hear some of the toys you brought in the students will squeaky mouse toy. That sounds great when andy mixed because he put it through delays and the son of a trippy spinning around. Here's some of the other instruments in here the bass and the drums of course it sounds cool i put the the guitar hits in there he was doing all these sound effects of sound like steam that's quite starling in the mix actually and there's days near bill. 