The joe rogan experience because i talk about american culture a lot i come with a degree of anticipation. But it was a torrential rainstorm in los angeles i'm aware that like you've moved out of there that a lot of significant people in the space that i work in have moved out of there. And there was a feeling of uncanniness and eeriness some of the familiar sites for homelessness of being cleansed as if by travis bickles rain you know it's sort of like just. It's going to move homeless people for example coward street the gower street bridge that would always be sort of like a little tented community there that seems to have been moved along and maybe a perfect metaphor for that problem you know moving them rather than you feel like those homeless people are still somewhere rather than that problem. Found a resolution you know one really has a tangible res. I haven't heard one resolution that's like okay that we could put our fingers on that's real do you know that in our country during the pandemic in london especially but also in other cities they temporarily house homeless people as one of the pandemic measures like we can't have people on the streets don't cough on someone put them all in hotels put them in hostels they solved it and then when they reached the point where they were happy that the pandemic was the level right i said we don't worry anymore get back out there i wonder why they did that do you think it was just too much time and effort to manage those people. Like they're shooting up in the hotels and. Ruckus. Well i wonder what what was the reason for like putting the back of the street cuz it seem like if they solved that. Like they should be like oh well you know let's just keep dedicating these resources to keep these people's hot hous. I feel like that the anomaly was the housing rather than the ejecting i feel like that they. When is convenient and suitable they could find a solution to homelessness that was an economic one and then. When it wasn't necessary anymore they just pulled the rug there i'm sure like yeah that comes with complexity when i was first working in media when i was still using drug addict myself i did these things that i considered to be like psychological jackass you know that was a big show at that time those amazing guys doing those incredible stunts. Unless you did the psychological version of that so i had like a boxing match with my dad i had a homeless guy move in my house i seduced an octogenarian lady. Jerked off a man in a toilet all of these things were. The periphery of my limits as a drug using young man just trying to make away my way in media when i had that homeless guy come live in my house with me james was his name god rest his soul. Like that it was. Interesting to encounter that they you know there's a reason of course i fully accept and appreciate that i could happen to any of us that any of us with a few wrong choices could end up destitute and lost without the kind of support. Good fortune i've had him very in my life i'm sure it could have happened to me of course it could have. But there was a sort of like a gravity pulling him back out into the street you know there's a gravity pulling it was like he couldn't. Couldn't deal with being in a house you're admittedly these were not organic conditions it was like. Cameras around and stuff there's not high it was not a high budget production it was really low-fi stuff on a low five digital channel. But being around that guy he was like a heroine user i was using heroin with him at that time the sort of peak of the show was when i got into it we had a bath together that was. Lack of a what's the most intimate thing you could do with a person to sort of overcome the idea that homeless people are somehow dirty or different or you know like they should be excluded from society so i had a bath with this guy this stuff still online somewhere i presume. And you know if it pushed both of australia in the end james decided they preferred homelessness. Too late with you that's right to nowhere just like just got a taxi for him and just let him out anyway like his own way in the world yeah so like of course that that problem with vagrancy and destitution it's a difficult one to tackle it makes me think that the culture is laid upon the planet like all culture all civilization is laid upon the planet laid upon gaia laid upon the earth like you know when you have people on here civilization it's a makes you recognize that all of our reference points other than biological and cosmological. All cultural reference points and therefore temporal and so a person living in a tent in the street is in the sense living a hunter-gatherer lifestyle in contemporary america or living a post-apocalyptic lifestyle in contemporary america it makes me think sometimes joe maybe the apocalypse is not a forthcoming event maybe the apocalypse is already. Happened maybe we're living in the sort of the already it's gentle threads are encroaching upon apparent civilization you know when you're in comfortable. Defined and designed spaces. You feel like everything's okay the end of the world is impossible and it just seems like entertainment when you hear about nuclear treaties being torn up but it can't actually happen. Of course it can it was so temporal outside forever. It's always happened the people that it happened to then they never saw it coming either. You think that's the way you're saying is very interesting because i think the apocalypse is here on earth. It's just not here. Like right here in austin it's not like right here in the studio but it's in the congo yeah if you go to a cobalt mine the congo and you see a 19 year old. Woman with a baby on her back mining for cobalt and inhaling toxic fumes you like okay well that's the that's the apocalypse they have no electricity. They have no clean water they make very very little money and they work all day and they work for a company that puts cobalt into lithium ion batteries that are in everyone's smartphone so the height of our technology is directly connected to its essentially slave labor. And that's the apocalypse i mean that might as well be the apocalypse that might as well be mad max. That might you might as well be i mean it's just as bad it's just as horrific is it very beautiful babe investigation i saw that episode so darth car yeah it's it's a he wrote that what is the book called. Cobalt red yeah it's. It's all about cobalt mining in the congo and his investigation that he did into it it's very very. It's inspiring that a person. Is that selfless and and can make that sort of a commitment and risk their life. And go to a very dangerous place and expose this because he's a real journalist like a real. Boots on the ground journalists that wants to show the world some things. That are being hidden from them because the people that are making enormous amounts of money from this that could fix it. Don't want to. They want to profit off of it at the exact level of profiting off of it now. Which means you know paying people a couple. Since an hour or whatever they pay them. It's it's horrific. 